(dogs barking in distance)
(hip-hop playing
over headphones)
(blows air)
Hey. Droop.
(man speaks indistinctly on TV)
CURTIS: (exhales)
What's good. my boy?
Seen our boy Clark
County at Atlantic Station.
Word? I was just
listening to that nigga.
Hey. nigga. A cup.
Oh. bet. bet. bet.
bet. bet. bet. bet.
Fool. tell you about this
man Chris from the job. man.
Just tell me why this man
gonna come up to me today.
talking about some. "I got
more bars than Scooter."
I'm like. "Boy. if you
don't get your goddamn
"illegal-ass. struggle
bar-having ass out my face.
boy. what is you talking about?"
This man talking like
he finna quit his job
off of one little.
weak-ass mixtape
that ain't nobody
even finna listen to.
Nigga lame. He want
to be somebody so bad.
Nah. for real.
Last year he was the
Hotep nigga. right?
Now that nigga want to be hard.
Nigga's so confused.
CURTIS: That nigga get on my
last nerves. man. Oh. my God.
(phone chimes)
Shit. What you on today?
Really. I was just trying to
chill before work. you feel me?
I was trying to get
some gas earlier.
but. shit. my mans wasn't
even hitting me back.
- Mm.
- Mm-hmm.
You know they serving
out Mrs. Winners?
Say what?
You order a number 17.
hook you up with a eighth.
You a lie.
Real talk. nigga.
The custodian in on that shit.
Oh. shit. We might have
to fall through there. fool.
- (phone chimes)
- I might get me a little meal.
Shit. I might even
get me a little nap in
before the night over with.
All right. shit.
Let me finish this.
I don't even know why
you playing. Boy. you trash.
Trash-ass boy.
Look. Look at you.
- Tra... Blow. Blow it.
- DROOP: Ah. here you go right here.
- Here you go right there.
- (grunts. laughs)
- CURTIS: Fool.
- DROOP: Damn.
CURTIS: Fool.
That's what that is.
♪ But I ain't beat that
case. bitch. I did the race ♪
♪ Beat it up. where
I nut? Shorty face ♪
♪ Eli blast. crackin'
4s like a vase ♪
♪ Pop a nigga. then
I go out my way ♪
(volume lowering):
♪ Do the dash... ♪
SERVER: Welcome to Mrs.
Winners. May I take your order?
DROOP: Yeah. can I get that. uh.
two-piece... all dark...
With a side of Cajun rice.
You get that side
of fried okra. too.
and a peach cobbler
and a number 17.
A number 17?
Yeah. and a peach cobbler.
♪ Who gon' die today? ♪
$60.85. Please drive
around to the window.
Man. what'd I tell you?
- Anita.
- ANITA: What?
I need you on the
register after this.
♪ I-I-I'm Lil Tay-K. I don't
think you want no action... ♪
(Anita screams)
ANITA: Please don't hurt me!
Where the storage closet at?
♪ Fuck a beat. I was
tryin' to beat a case... ♪
Fuck.
(laughs)
(car horn honking)
(alarm blaring)
Mm-hmm. Fuck with me.
Mm-hmm.
(alarm continues blaring)
(grunts)
Oh. shit!
CURTIS: Fuck. go. go.
fuck it. fuck. man. go.
(screaming. crying)
(siren wailing)
♪ Hey. yah. hey. yah. huh ♪
♪ Hey ♪
(overlapping chatter in song)
- ♪ Hey ♪ -♪ Only way ♪
- ♪ Look. hey ♪
♪ Came up on some
bands. Balmain the sweater ♪
♪ Yo. Truey the
pants. he did it again ♪
♪ Damn. I did it again.
damn. that boy shitted again ♪
♪ Juuging again. that
boy juuging again ♪
♪ Did he just hit
another lick? ♪
♪ Damn. did he just
run off with your shit? ♪
pull up in a whip? ♪
♪ Damn. did he just
fuck another bitch? Yup ♪
♪ And she just did a
hundred tricks. damn ♪
♪ She a freaky little bitch ♪
♪ Smokin' dope out the
breeze. out the whip ♪
♪ Yo. hand full of grams.
other hand full of them bands ♪
♪ Hey. hand full of grams.
other hand full of them bands. ♪
(lock clicks)
(sighs)
Hey. man. You got to get up.
(grunts softly)
Got to go. got to go.
What's going on. man?
Oh. hell yeah.
Hey! Hey. that's my shit. man.
Yeah. you can't
stay in here anymore.
They know you in
here and they coming.
Today.
That doesn't mean
you get to take my shit.
You got to auction it
off or something. man.
Yeah. I watch Storage Wars. too.
This ain't that.
(sighs)
(clicks tongue) Man.
(knocking)
What up?
Yo.
(door shuts)
(hip-hop playing faintly)
EARN: Hey.
What's up. Al?
'Sup?
(exhales) What'd
y'all do last night?
Went to Edgewood?
Tear the club up?
House arrest.
Yeah. I know.
I was joking.
You want to try one
of these sliders. bro?
Yeah. yeah.
Have a seat.
Be careful.
It's very. very cold.
Hey. can you. um.
you still give me
a ride to the P.O.?
Oh. Mm-hmm.
Yeah. I'll go and get ready.
Hey. Al.
What's going on
with you and Darius?
I don't want to talk about it.
All right.
Hey. Earn.
Hey. What's up. Regina?
My name's Tara.
Who's Regina?
(exhales. chuckles)
Uh. I'm sorry. Yeah.
I always think that.
I know you're Tara. You're Tara.
I just... (chuckles)
You remind me of
this girl named Regina
I went to high school with.
Every time I see you. I'm like.
"Tara's not Regina."
It's crazy. 'cause you...
She was so cool.
Shut up. Earn.
(mouths)
Here you go. baby.
(grunts)
Darius is ready.
Cool.
Thank you.
Hey.
I don't know
what's going on with you two.
but I love you both.
(snorts. laughing)
Nigga. what?
Man. get your boy.
(laughing)
(sighs): He's crazy.
♪ Blo. blo. blo. blo. blo. blo.
blo. blo. hot head. oh. no ♪
♪ Pedagogue grab the
microphone. and go ♪
♪ Blo. blo. blo. blo.
blo. blo. blo. blo ♪
♪ Oh. no. blo. blo.
blo. hot head. oh. no ♪
♪ Pedagogue grab the
microphone. and go ♪
- ♪ Blo. blo. blo. blo. blo ♪
- Is Tara staying with you guys?
-♪ Oh. no. blo. blo. blo.
blo. blo. blo. blo. blo ♪ -Huh?
-♪ Oh. no. clip a hundred
doves ♪ -Is Tara staying over?
♪ Oh. no. blo. blo.
blo. hot head... ♪
- (music stops)
- Is Tara staying o... is Tar...
- Is Tara staying over? So...
- Oh.
'Cause if she's not. uh.
can I stay over for a little bit?
I don't know. man.
You got to talk to Al.
Yeah. What's going
on with you two?
I don't want to talk about it.
How's your parents?
(clicks tongue) Good. Good.
They're driving to
Florida right now
to visit my uncle who's dying.
Oh. Florida. huh?
Better make sure you tell them
to watch out for Florida Man.
What's Florida Man?
DARIUS: Florida
Man is responsible
for a large percentage
of abnormal incidents
that occur in Florida.
Think of him as a...
alt-right Johnny Appleseed.
No one knows his true identity.
date of birth.
what he looks like.
That's why headlines
always say. "Florida Man."
"Florida Man shoots
unarmed black teenager."
"Florida Man bursts
into ex's delivery room.
and fights new boyfriend
as she's giving birth."
"Florida Man steals a
car. goes to Checkers."
MAN: Fries!
"Florida Man beats
a flamingo to death."
"Florida Man found
eating another man's face."
- No. No.
- Yes.
- Yes. it's true.
- No.
Him. the state government...
Fucking cahoots.
Why would anyone
even do that? (chuckles)
To prevent black
people from coming to
and/or registering to vote
in Florida. Earn. Come on.
- Of course.
- Yeah.
You want to turn
the music back on?
- Yeah. sure.
- Yeah.
♪ Blo. blo. blo. blo.
blo. blo. blo. oh. no. ♪
Earnest Marks.
First-time offender.
Narcotics possession
with intent to sell?
Um. half a joint.
Plus they said the
charge don't even count.
as long as I don't
get charged again.
Unless you get arrested
again. not charged.
One's easier than the other.
You've already paid
your entrance fee.
Yeah. my jail
entrance fee. (laughs)
We'll need $50 for the
mandatory anti-drug class materials
and each class
is $25. so that's...
$325 plus the $50.
$375 in total. Are you able to
pay this amount at this time?
No.
A payment plan will be set up
for the remainder
of your classes.
Please pay
promptly. or a warrant
will be issued for your arrest.
Would I even have to
show up for these classes
if I paid for the
whole thing in full?
You can't. so let's not.
Take one of those
cups by the door.
fill it up and leave
it in the cupboard.
Yes. Thank you.
What flavor is a
Flamin' Hot Cheeto?
Hot.
(siren wailing)
I am tasting hot.
Robbin' Season.
Christmas approaches.
and everybody got to eat.
Or be eaten.
(phone vibrates)
Hey. what's up?
Yo. where you at?
I'm with Darius.
We're on our way back.
Hold on. let me
put you on speaker.
ALFRED: Nigga.
take me off speaker.
Yeah.
Yo. I need you to
go over to Willy's.
Why. what's wrong?
That Yvonne done
called here screaming.
saying he done
kidnapped her and shit.
She done called the police.
Look. just go over there and
make sure he good. all right?
Earn. you got it?
- Yeah. I got it.
- All right. Peace.
Can you drop me off somewhere?
Yup.
(distant arguing)
- I'll be back.
- Wait. wait. wait. wait.
You mind if I come
in here with you. bro?
The vibes here
are just so intense.
YVONNE: Yeah. I got something
for your ass. Yeah. I got...
Sure.
(arguing continues)
(muffled music playing)
YVONNE: I'm not
playing with you.
(arguing continues)
WILLY: Who is it?!
It's Earn.
("I'll Be Good" by
René & Angela playing)
♪ Passin' in the streets ♪
♪ Words unspoken ♪
♪ Silence unbroken. hey ♪
♪ Just by chance... ♪
Take your shoes off.
♪ The cry of success ♪
- ♪ Left no room to guess ♪
- (Darius groans)
♪ Oh. no. oh. no... ♪
Y'all can't sleep here.
We're not staying
here. Where's Yvonne?
- (knocking on door)
- YVONNE: That the police?
Bitch. you better
hope it ain't the police.
- Did you lock...
- (pounding)
♪ I put you through. baby... ♪
Did you lock her in there?
This is my house.
I'm supposed to be asking you.
- "What is you doing here?"
- Yeah. Al sent me.
He too good to come see me
now on his own? He DMX now?
No. he's on house
arrest. Yvonne called.
Said she was kidnapped.
Did he happen to mention to you
that that thieving.
raggedy bitch stole $50
out of my pocket
while I was sleeping?
YVONNE: I did not. Willy.
Well. where. pray
tell. is it. then. Yvonne?
We the only two
motherfuckers in here.
- Did it walk out the door?
- YVONNE: I don't know.
Maybe your stupid
ass drank the $50.
I ain't drank shit. Okay?
I ain't never drank
no $50 in my life.
The fuck she talking about?
She said kidnapping
when she called. okay?
Kidnapping's serious.
You know that. right? Willy?
WILLY: Well. I must've
kidnapped that bitch in 1974.
'cause she ain't
been a kid in 45 years.
She in there?
No. and don't go in there.
The alligator's in there.
- What?
- Hmm. Vibes.
YVONNE: Mmm. there's
an alligator in there. for real.
(scraping. growling)
Give me the keys.
It's gonna take me a while
to be able to find the keys.
They're right there
in front of you.
♪ I'll be better than before ♪
♪ You know I'll love you more ♪
♪ I'll be good ♪
♪ I fell in love... ♪
Hey. uh... I-I would
say nice to meet you.
but I don't believe
in time as a concept.
so... I'll just say
we always met.
♪ Yeah. so good. so bad... ♪
- The police here?
- You call them?
No. But Patty next door...
She quick to call.
I don't know if you
remember what you said
on the phone. but
kidnapping is a felony.
and if you tell
that to the police.
we're in a lot of trouble.
- You take that $50?
- Fuck you. Earn.
I didn't take shit.
- Give this to Willy.
- (cash shuffling)
But make sure he gives
you your change first.
If you took his $50.
give it back and keep this $100.
Thank Alfred.
Was that alligator here
when I was staying here?
Who? Coach? Yeah.
(siren chirps)
Oh. shit. Shit. I-I
didn't call them.
Tired of motherfuckers
knocking on my door
- like they the police. Wha...?
- Are you the resident here?
Man. what y'all want?
We were called about
a domestic disturbance.
- No. No.
- (Yvonne stammers)
No. that's the wrong
house. We are not domestic.
- We not even married.
- W-We didn't call. Officer.
We-we good.
Ma'am. do you live here?
No. She don't live here.
I'm fucking the
bitch. That's the deal.
- Okay? No crime.
- We were called.
Negative. Please
step out into the lawn.
I'm gonna leave the
safety of my house
to step out on the lawn
with y'all for no reason?
I ain't... No. No. No.
I'm not finna do that. I
know how the law work.
If you're trying to arrest me.
you got to get a
complaint from her.
and then it's got to be
filled out and signed.
- That's how the law works.
- No. sir.
That's not how it works.
Comply or we will
put you in cuffs.
Put me in what?
Willy. you-you-you better
go on and talk to them.
WILLY: I'm not talking to these
sons of bitches about nothing.
'cause I ain't do nothing.
And if they keep
on trying to act like
they're gonna come
in here and get me.
then I'll let that
alligator loose and
- see what they do about that.
- You don't have an alligator.
- Yes. he do!
- He do got an alligator.
That's the alligator man.
Them children
ain't lying to you.
I'm the alligator man. Okay?
So. now. just leave me alone.
won't be no gator. All right?
We'll shoot your
goddamn alligator.
Well. do it. I want to see it!
Do it!
I don't know what
you trying to pull.
All I know is I ain't got
to do shit 'cause
I ain't done shit.
Kiss my black ass.
Hey. how's it going?
That's my uncle.
He's a veteran.
Please don't shoot him.
Hey. look. we need him to
step out here or we will tase him.
I know. I get it.
I-I don't want this
to become a big thing. okay?
Just give me five minutes.
I'll talk to him.
He's not dangerous.
He's-he's just
unstable. all right?
Hey... is there an
alligator in there?
Yeah.
Is he friendly with you?
No.
Five-Five minutes.
- Just give me five minutes.
- Shit.
Willy. you got to get out there.
I don't want shit to get crazy.
I don't know. it's already
crazy up in here. bro.
This nigga got a
full-grown caiman in here
- surrounded by chicken carcasses.
- (sniffs)
Shit's like an Azealia
Banks Snapchat.
(pounding on door)
I'm on probation. I
can't go to jail. all right?
If there's gonna be a shootout.
I need to get out of here.
A shootout?
Nigga. I'm not crazy.
I'm not Florida Man.
I just know the law.
As long as I didn't do shit. all
I got to do is stay in my house.
Look. I don't know if
you're high right now.
but you're getting
on my last nerve.
Uh-oh.
Fulton County has no problem
coming in here
and cuffing all of us.
- Okay? Don't be a...
- (pounding. growling)
DARIUS: Oh. hoo-hoo.
Don't be an idiot.
How you trying to
tell me about myself?
You're homeless. Earn.
You don't even have
a mirror to look at yourself.
Here.
I know you all about
your principles...
but can we just please.
just listen to Earn
so we can get out
of here. It's four cops
on the other side of that door.
You know if they come in here.
they're gonna get your ass
on a whole lot of other shit.
You lying-ass bitch.
- I knew it.
- You mother...
Mama. I hate you. Willy.
Don't you never come
back to my house no more.
And I hope they blow
your motherfuckin' ass
- to smithereens.
- You better hope they do. bitch.
You better hope they do.
This nigga kidnapped me.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Really. man? Huh?
What are you wilin' out for?
- You on probation. Just leave a nigga.
- Nah.
The person who owns this house
said I had to make
sure you were okay.
Uh-huh.
You scared.
You got to stay on
his good side now.
'Cause he's Mr. Moneybags.
Remember. Uncle Jarvis
used to manage Damon
when he was in that group.
Now they don't
even talk no more.
'Cause you find out
family is business.
No. that's not it.
- Oh. really?
- Yeah.
What I'm scared of is being you.
You know. someone everybody
knew was smart. but ended up being
a know-it-all. fuck-up jay
that just let shit happen to him.
Damn.
♪ So nice... ♪
Uh. see. the vibe here
is just feeling more
and more like jail.
So I'm gonna...
Yeah. I'll meet you in the car.
- Cool. Cool.
- Cool.
♪ That I've never felt... ♪
I didn't do shit.
Willy.
♪ No. it's not the... ♪
♪ Feeling I had... ♪
(distant siren wailing)
I meant what I said.
but I'm sorry I said it.
If that makes any sense.
I am scared about Al leaving me.
He don't need me
like that anymore.
He's...
He's kind of a big deal.
I'm still mad at you about
what happened with my mom.
That's why I had what I
said locked and loaded.
(clip pops)
You're gonna need this
in the music business.
Take it.
I'm not taking that.
Nigga. I'm not asking you.
There's police all
over this house.
You want to help Al or not?
(sighs)
And if you don't want
to end up like me.
get rid of that "chip
on your shoulder" shit.
It's not worth the time.
That's what I'm telling you.
there's a goddamn alligator...
Yeah. I-I couldn't get him out.
He's all yours.
Willy! You coming out?
- I'm going in.
- Wait.
(door creaking open)
♪ ♪
- ♪ Hey. love ♪
♪ Turn your head around ♪
♪ Take off that frown ♪
♪ You're in love ♪
- ♪ Wake up ♪
- ♪ Open the door ♪
♪ Don't cry no more ♪
♪ Turn your head around ♪
♪ You're in love ♪
♪ Take off that frown... ♪
Where's Willy?
♪ You're in love ♪
♪ Ah. ah-ah ♪
♪ Hey. love ♪
♪ Hey. love. hey. love ♪
- ♪ Hey. love ♪
- ♪ Hey. love. hey. love ♪
♪ Hey. love... ♪
(door closes)
What's up. man?
How's Willy?
Not in jail.
ALFRED: Hmm. (sniffs)
Want some?
Yeah.
(zipper opening)
(Darius coughs)
The fuck? (laughs)
What the fuduck is that?
It's a gun.
Willy gave it to me.
Nigga. and you took it?
Yeah. You told me to help him.
I was helping him.
Yo. so let me get this straight.
You're holding a gun for a nigga
while 12 outside.
- That shit gold.
- (both laugh)
Yo-yo. can you stash this
for a little bit over here?
(laughing)
You better get rid of
that gun. nigga. (laughs)
Who-who are you?
ALFRED: Oh. man.
That's my boy Tracy. man.
- He got out today.
- Yeah. What's up. man?
You-you staying here?
Goddamn! Is you the
landlord or something?
(all laughing)
(chuckles)
DARIUS: That gold shit.
Yeah. um... I'm out of here.
I'll-I'll see you.
DARIUS (laughs):
Ah. that shit gold.
- Oh. shit.
- DARIUS: Hey. Earn.
You good?
Yeah. I'm good.
All right. I'll catch you.
Peace. man.
EARN: Peace.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
♪ When seasons change ♪
♪ And we've again
surpassed September ♪
♪ A lot of scars ♪
♪ That kind of scare
you to remember ♪
♪ Scufflin' times ♪
♪ In seeing people
trying to put you down ♪
♪ For goodness sakes ♪
♪ People trying to take ♪
♪ What you know you've found ♪
♪ Stranded in someone
else's neighborhood ♪
♪ Listening to the undertone. ♪
Captioned by Media
Access Group at WGBH